{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26280\viewh15620\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 19 December 2012\
\
Questions:\
\
1 - On user creation you return an URL with the last component being the userId. Is this url relevant for anything else?. i.e can I just assume I can always build the user url based only on the server url and the user id? \
\
2- On user creation, if an user already exists you return status code 500, but no embedded json response.\
\
3- On login you return the token but if it is an user I have no previous track from the app I have no way to know its id, so I can't update it or do anything.\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 "non_field_errors" 
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 can be a result of a 400 code\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
USER (Fields)\
\
- username\
- password\
- email\
\
\
4 - How to handle a situation of network failure during project+files upload after a partial upload completed?\
\
5 - Project IDs are reused, they should be unique. If I delete a project form the server and then upload a new one the new one could be given the same old number. This is a problem because I may store project ids across multiple iOS devices. I believe it is also a problem with activation codes as an old activation code may give access to a wrong project.\
\
\
\
\
\
29 - Gener - 2013\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Issues I found so far:\
\
\'a0* The users/?set_password=1 does not return an 'errCode' \'a0when fail, it doesn't even return a JSON\
\'a0* Delete user now always returns 403. I think this worked before but we need to decide whether this should be allowed from the client app.\
\'a0* The 'token/' api does not return an 'errCode' when success\
\'a0* The 'token/' api does not return an 'errCode' when fail\'a0\
* The url sometimes is a full path, sometimes is a relative path. I saw a relativa path at least on the /token api. This is not a problem because I only look for the lastPathcomponent which is always the userId so it works in either case, but I thought I would you let you know. To my taste I preffer the relative path, because the server path is implicit, but as said this is not particularly relevant given how I use it.\
\'a0* The users/id/password/ \'a0does not return an 'errCode' \'a0when success\
\'a0* The users/id/password/ \'a0does not return an 'errCode' \'a0when fails, it doesn't even return a JSON\
\
All these are minor and basicaly only affecting the new errCode feature, so I think it can be said previous functionality has been fully recovered.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
27 - Febrer - 2013\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 POST \'a0users/?set_password=1 \'a0\{username, email, password\} \'a0-> \{username, email, url\} \'a0 \'a0 // create new user (this should require email confirmation)\
PUT users/id/ \'a0 \{username, email\} -> \{username, email, url\} \'a0 \'a0// update user\
POST users/id/password/ \'a0\{old_password, password\} -> \{\} \'a0 \'a0// change password\
POST token/ \'a0\{username, password\} -> \{token, user:\{username, email, url\}\} \'a0 \'a0// login\
DELETE users/id/ \'a0\{\} -> \{\} \'a0 \'a0 // delete (not sure if that one works)\
\
GET projects/ \{\} -> [\{name, url\}\'85] \'a0 \'a0// list of projects (user is implicit by token)\
GET files/ \'a0\{\} ->\'a0[\{name, url\}\'85] \'a0 // list of files (user is implicit by token)\
DELETE projects/id/ \'a0\{\} -> \{\} \'a0// delete project\
DELETE files/id/ \{\} -> \{\} \'a0// delete fiile\
POST projects/ \{name\}, project_file -> \{\} \'a0// upload project (user is implicit by token)\
POST files/ \{name\}, location -> \{\} \'a0// upload file (user is implicit by token)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
GET projects/ \{\} -> \{projects:[\{name, url\}\'85]\} \'a0 \'a0// list of projects (user is implicit by token)\
GET files/ \{\} -> \{files:[\{name, url\}\'85]\} \'a0 \'a0// list of projects (user is implicit by token)\
\
\
// 4 - 3 - 2013\
\
I hope you had a good weekend.\
\
As you also pointed out I think it is now a good time to look at what we have so far and what is remaining to be done with a particular focus on what is required to complete the flow on the client app. So I thought I'd wrote a starting point document which may be useful for discussion. I placed an asterisk \'a0'*' where I think some change is needed or there's something to be discussed.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Registration
\b0 \
\
We have the following working apis to Register, Log In, Update (Delete?)\
\
POST \'a0users/?set_password=1 \'a0\{username, email, password\} \'a0-> \{username, email, url\} \'a0 \'a0 // create new user (this should require email confirmation)\
POST token/ \'a0\{username, password\} -> \{token, user:\{username, email, url\}\} \'a0 \'a0// login\
PUT users/id/ \'a0 \{username, email\} -> \{username, email, url\} \'a0 \'a0// update user\
POST users/id/password/ \'a0\{old_password, password\} -> \{\} \'a0 \'a0// change password\
DELETE users/id/ \'a0\{\} -> \{\} \'a0 \'a0 // delete (not sure if that one works)\
\
We need to define ways to do the following\
\
* Email confirmation upon user registration (registering a new user should need email confirmation and possibly a new api to confirm email was received)\
* Recover or Reset user password\
* Unregister or Delete user\
* Add a signature to the app to prevent unauthorized access to the server from other means.\
\
\

\b Subscription
\b0 \
\'a0\
* We need to decide wether integrators need to subscribe (and pay) before they are allowed to use the server. This used to be my preferred approach but there are other possibilities you pointed out at some point which is worth to consider. Particularly, we can provide restricted/limited free access to the server and unlock it when at least one activation code is generated. This would be fine but we need to define what "restricted" means in this context and how to manage it.\
\
\

\b Project/File Upload
\b0 \
\'a0\
Integrators can upload files/projects to the server. we have the following working apis\'a0\
\
PUT projects/id/pkey \{name\}, project_file -> \{\} \'a0// upload/replace project (user is implicit by token)\
PUT files/id/fkey \{name\}, location -> \{\} \'a0// upload/replace file (user is implicit by token)\
GET projects/ \{\} -> \{projects:[\{name, url\}\'85]\} \'a0 \'a0// list of projects (user is implicit by token)\
GET files/ \{\} -> \{files:[\{name, url\}\'85]\} \'a0 \'a0// list of projects (user is implicit by token)\
DELETE projects/id/pkey \'a0\{\} -> \{\} \'a0// delete project\
DELETE files/id/fkey \{\} -> \{\} \'a0// delete fiile\
\
* The PUT apis need to be refactored to effectively separate keys from names (files api), and to rename the "project_file" key (projects api), such as\
\
PUT projects/id/key \{name\}, location -> \{\} \'a0// upload project (user is implicit by token)\
PUT files/id/key \{name\}, location -> \{\} \'a0// upload file (user is implicit by token)\
\
* The creation/update dates must be given as absolute time numbers instead of strings.\
* An additional field to store the file size is needed in projects and files. Instead of the server computing it I will provide the size on a parameter in the PUT method. This way we have a consistent value across the client app compared with what is shown for local files.\
\
\

\b Activation Codes (Integrator)
\b0 \
\'a0\
* After some thought I got to the conclusion that more than one project per activation code is not needed as they make thinks more difficult than they need to be. If an integrator needs to distribute several projects then he can just create several activation codes. This simplifies the client side implementation because it is easier to provide a clearer interface to show which activation code belongs to which project. Also this implies to uniquely link activation codes with particular projects. I think this was your initial approach.\
\
We have the following api to create an activation code based on an IAP trasaction\
\
POST receipts/ \{signed_transaction_receipt, is_sandbox\} -> \{url, access_code, is_verified\} \'a0 // Creates an activation code based on the IAP receipt\
\
* We need to enhance this api by providing a Project ID as a parameter so that the activation code be already created for that particular project, as it should never change. Doing this on a single step prevents the existence of activation codes not linked to a project in case of network failure, and also prevents the reuse of activation codes for different projects\
* We need another field to provide an arbitrary name for an activation code, so activation codes can be listed by name on the client app. The name will be provided as a parameter during the creation of the activation code with the POST receipts/ api\
\
We have the following to retrieve activation codes\
\
GET access_codes/\
\
* This currently gives the full list. It must give only the ones for a particular user token.\
* As with projects and files, creation dates should be given as absolute time numbers.\
\
We also have\
\
POST/PUT/DELETE to access_codes/<access_code>/projects/ and access_codes/<access_code>/files/\'a0 to configure these. (Parameter is array of URLs of "files" or "projects")\
\
* Following the above principle this api should not work for projects as activation codes will be already created with a particular project id. Also instead of providing URLs \'a0I'd rather provide file key identifiers as parameters (the same keys I provide for the PUT files/id/key api). I think this is more consistent with the rest of the api as urls are never provided from the client to the server, and I am not storing them at all but just id numbers or keys.\
\
\

\b Activation Code (End User)
\b0 \
\
We have (or will have) this\
\
Set Device-UUID header to a unique string in the HTTPClient. (Perhaps add a setter here.)\'a0\
POST to access_codes/<access_code>/redeem/ to claim the code.\'a0\
\
* I believe it must be a PUT instead of a POST as the client might call it several times for the same activation code.\'a0\'a0Basically we need a way to download projects and files associated with an activation code. I suppose the response of the api will give the relevant coordinates in the server to download these files.\
\
I consider the following considerations apply:\
\
* Redemptions must be given a name, particularly a device name provided by end users. Name will be given as a parameter upon redemption.\
* We need a way to redeem an activation code from the same device more than once, for example after reinstalling the app or after the integrator decides to provide a free update. As said my preferred approach would be to replace the POST by a PUT and to adopt the same pattern used for files, i.e a single PUT api that either creates a new redemption or provides data of an existing one.\
* We also need a way to recover a redemption associated with a lost device. Since we provided names for redemptions we can use them to present an interface to the end user to free particular redemptions form an activation code, so he can then redeem it on another device, this may require an additional api.\
* For security reasons I do not want to store redemptions or activation codes persistently on the client app. This means we need an api to check whether a particular project is unlocked i.e. we provide a project ID and a Device-UUID and the API responds whether the project is unlocked for the given device.\
\
I hope this makes sense. We can meet at your convenience to check or discuss things together if needed.\
\
Thanks !\
\
\
\
https://...../docs/\
\
Cocoa Applications Security  Graham J. Lee\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
18 - Mar\'e7 - 2013\
\
* failure of PUT access_codes/.../redeem/\
\
detail: This Access Code may not be used for further redemptions\
\
should say "Activation Code"\
\
* Activation Code should store a reference to the project, not the project object. This is currently my preferred approach.\
\
* Need a way to verify a project is valid on a device\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
14 - Abril - 2013\
\
* Files, Projects stuff is working ok.\
\
* Redemptions is not tested because I assume you need to implement apis (or let me know about them) to provide end users access to activationCodes and projects/files. So far I use the PUT access_codes/<activation_code>/redeem/ api but I do not know what to do after that. I can call the access_codes/<activation_code>/ api to get the associated project and it works but I assume this is because the same user is the owner of the access code. I would appreciate that you clarify this.\'a0\
\
* Once redemptions are working I will need a way to verify that a redeemed project is valid on a device.\
\
* I found absolute times are not 'Absolute'. They are biased by one hour ex. 8:30 instead of 9:30. This happens regardless of the time zone setting so I assume the problem is you are giving the UK time. Instead, time must be independent of zone and country daylight saving policies. Times/dates are already presented by the client on the local zone/daylight settings.\'a0\
\
* The receips/ api returns a new activation code each time, even if the same transaction_receipt is given. Instead, it must return the same activation code if the same transaction is provided. This is needed for robustness in case of network failures, crashes or whatever. The client implements code to store transactions in persistence until it receives an activation code from the server. The client will resend the same transaction at some time if no response arrived and will not delete the transaction to be sure content is delivered without having to pay twice. But the server must deliver the same code when asked for the same transaction because otherwise we can end having more than one code for the same transaction (we do not want to give activations for free).\
\
* The email subject for the delete user request is "HMiPad Password Reset Request", it should be changed to something like "HMiPad Delete User Request" or something to that effect. Other than that this api works fine :-)\
\
* The reset password request api should use the user name (no userID or user token required) because at the point an user has forgotten his password most probably the client app will no longer keep the user profile. At this point it may not be possible to retrieve or to know which user_id/user_token is associated with an user name.\
\
* For the user activate/ api it would be more useful that it returned the full user profile as the users/ api used to do. The users/ api will not need to return anything in such case. This way the client app will not need to store an 'inactive' user on return of the users/ api. Also, having the full user profile in the response of the activate/ api allows for activating an user on any device. Also, the current implementation of the activate/ api seems to require an user_token but it is not available at the time it is called (the user being created has never logged in). My proposed approach would imply that the users/ api just returns a 'ok I did it', the activate/ api would require only the activation token and optionally either the user name or the user id to work, and it will return the same the users/ api returned before.\
\
* I want to add a user_level (numeric) field to users, this will be provided on user creation (users/ api) and on users update ( users/<user_id>/ api) and it should be returned by apis returning user profiles.\
\
* I want to ask how difficult is to add a thumbnail image field to projects and files. I generate and display thumbnails for local projects and files so it would be nice that the same be available for projects and files stored on the server. If this implies a lot of time or you have limited time left I can live without it :-). My priority is having everything else fully tested and working like a charm :-)\
\
=======================================\
17 -04 - 2013\
\
I am now implementing the redemption code and found something no working (or I am doing something wrong) during. To redeem a code I perform the following steps:\
\
1- \'a0PUT access_codes/<code>/redeem \'a0 This should redeem the code on the server if it wasn't\
2 - GET access_codes/<code> \'a0 \'a0This provides me the project identifier\
3 - GET projects/<userId>/<projectId> \'a0This provides the project file 'location'\
4 - GET projects/<userId>/<projectId>/files \'a0 \'a0This should provide the list of files associated to the project\
\
Step 4 is not working for me because it consistenly returns\'a0
\f2\b\fs22 detail = "Authentication credentials were not provided."
\f0\b0\fs24 \
I am currently stuck at this step.\
\
Then I suppose I need to call the following on the locations obtained from 3 and 4\
\
5 - GET media/<location>\
\
Also, according to the /docs/, the api mentioned at step 4 will return just an array of file identifiers. It would be more useful that it returned an array of dictionaries with full file info just as the GET files/ api does. This way I can obtain all file locations with a single call and makes the process more efficient both on the client and the server side, as opposed to queuing each file identifier one by one.\
\
=========================================\
4 - 05 - 2013\
\
QUESTIONS:\
\
- Which are the accepted characters for "usernames" ?  Are international characters accepted?. It is not a problem if not, I am just curious. In fact non-asccii characters should be banned by the client (possibly nothing needs to be done on the server) because otherwise the apis having an username in the url could fail.\
\
COMMENTS:\
\
- Times are still offseted by one hour in the server.\
\
- The /reset_password/username api requires an user token to be provided. It should go without one because the client may not have it at the time the user forgot the password. \
\
- The users/<id>/activate/ api requires a token, but since the user never logged in none is available. Either you must provide the token upon user registration or to allow activations without a token. I suppose the right one is the later. FYI, the api returns this:  
\f2\b\fs22 \CocoaLigature0 detail = "Authentication credentials were not provided."; 
\f0\b0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 This means I am unable to create new users from the client and I did not test the 'user_level' feature.\
\
- Receipts work ok now, \
\
- 'matched_files' on the projects api is fine.\
\
OTHERS:\
\
- Would you remind me on what api to use to perform checks on whether a project is activated (or allowed to work) for an end user on a device?\
\
- You can remove the '<' '>' around the schema urls provided in emails by the server. Since the mail app already underlines and highlights the schemas in blue the < > characters in black around the schemas look superfluous.\
\
- Just for comment: Error handling for failure responses is a bit of a pain. I understand as you explained that error messages will never change and thus it is safe to rely on them as they are today. But my feeling is that error messaging is very inconsistent: sometimes they are plain strings, sometimes arrays, sometimes not given at all, sometimes long messages, sometimes very short cryptic messages. It just looks odd that error handling in Django frameworks was so poorly engineered. But ok we must handle it as it is :-/\
\
- About localization I think we do not need to localize emails for now. I will go out with English only version including the app because I have no time for localizations at this time. I may look into this for some release in the future or based on user demand, or maybe just localize the part of the app that is presented to end users, but since this would involve the server mails as well, I am ok leaving it out for now.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/projects/36/C91CBF86-F71A-4DCF-894A-7F92486DB1D7/download/\
https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/files/36/basic.jpg/download/
\f0\b0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
ss\
\
=========================================\
11 - 05 - 2013\
\
// process complert de redemption de un codi d'activaci\'f3\
\
\
0 - get activation code information\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:33:47.073 HmiPadR[6072:907] _getRemoteFileMDOfFileUUID:forCategory: REQUEST\
GET https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/a75fa5b5-cbb5-47c6-9630-9a4e9febf5a4/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, es;q=0.9, fr;q=0.8, de;q=0.7, ja;q=0.6, nl;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token fe724050eeddc3888c65c1e548c665ca606564ba";\
    "User-Agent" = "HmiPadR/1.0.1 (iPad; iOS 6.0.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
\
2013-05-12 11:33:47.869 HmiPadR[6072:907] _getRemoteFileMDOfFileUUID:forCategory: SUCCESS\
JSON: \{\
    "access_code" = "a75fa5b5-cbb5-47c6-9630-9a4e9febf5a4";\
    created = 1368019857;\
    "file_list" = "<null>";\
    label = UanJundret;\
    "matched_files" = "<null>";\
    "max_projects" = 1;\
    "max_redemptions" = 100;\
    owner = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/users/36/";\
    "project_identifier" = "C91CBF86-F71A-4DCF-894A-7F92486DB1D7";\
    redemptions =     (\
                \{\
            "access_code" = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/a75fa5b5-cbb5-47c6-9630-9a4e9febf5a4/";\
            "device_uuid" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
            "end_user" = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/users/52/";\
            label = "Etiqueta redemption";\
            redeemed = 1368117429;\
            url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/redemptions/8/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "access_code" = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/a75fa5b5-cbb5-47c6-9630-9a4e9febf5a4/";\
            "device_uuid" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
            "end_user" = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/users/53/";\
            label = "Etiqueta redemption";\
            redeemed = 1368265930;\
            url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/redemptions/9/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "access_code" = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/a75fa5b5-cbb5-47c6-9630-9a4e9febf5a4/";\
            "device_uuid" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
            "end_user" = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/users/54/";\
            label = "Etiqueta redemption";\
            redeemed = 1368101971;\
            url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/redemptions/7/";\
        \}\
    );\
    url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/a75fa5b5-cbb5-47c6-9630-9a4e9febf5a4/";\
\}
\f0\b0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
1-redem activation code
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:35:07.447 HmiPadR[6072:907] _redeemActivationCode:projectId:ownerId:forProfile: REQUEST\
PUT https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/a75fa5b5-cbb5-47c6-9630-9a4e9febf5a4/redeem/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, es;q=0.9, fr;q=0.8, de;q=0.7, ja;q=0.6, nl;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token fe724050eeddc3888c65c1e548c665ca606564ba";\
    "Content-Type" = "application/json; charset=utf-8";\
    "Device-UUID" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
    "User-Agent" = "HmiPadR/1.0.1 (iPad; iOS 6.0.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
\
2013-05-12 11:35:09.725 HmiPadR[6072:907] _redeemActivationCode:projectId:ownerId:forProfile: SUCCESS\
JSON: \{\
    "access_code" = "/access_codes/a75fa5b5-cbb5-47c6-9630-9a4e9febf5a4/";\
    "device_uuid" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
    "end_user" = "/users/53/";\
    label = "Etiqueta redemption";\
    redeemed = 1368265930;\
    url = "/redemptions/9/";\
\}\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 2-get project / check redemption
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:35:09.727 HmiPadR[6072:907] _getRedeemedRemoteProjectID:withOwnerID:forProfile: REQUEST\
GET https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/projects/36/C91CBF86-F71A-4DCF-894A-7F92486DB1D7/end_user_info/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, es;q=0.9, fr;q=0.8, de;q=0.7, ja;q=0.6, nl;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token fe724050eeddc3888c65c1e548c665ca606564ba";\
    "Device-UUID" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
    "User-Agent" = "HmiPadR/1.0.1 (iPad; iOS 6.0.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
2013-05-12 11:35:15.074 HmiPadR[6072:907] _getRedeemedRemoteProjectID:withOwnerID:forProfile: SUCCESS\
JSON: \{\
    "file_size" = 62467;\
    identifier = "C91CBF86-F71A-4DCF-894A-7F92486DB1D7";\
    location = "projects/4b3876c3-a318-40e4-94ef-c6c9ff58efb5.hmipad";\
    name = "FillATankMolon.hmipad";\
    owner = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/users/36/";\
    updated = 1368101626;\
    url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/projects/36/C91CBF86-F71A-4DCF-894A-7F92486DB1D7/";\
\}
\f1\b0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\b \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 3-get project files
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:35:41.314 HmiPadR[6072:907] _getRedeemedFileListForProjectMD:forProfile: REQUEST\
GET https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/projects/36/C91CBF86-F71A-4DCF-894A-7F92486DB1D7/files/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, es;q=0.9, fr;q=0.8, de;q=0.7, ja;q=0.6, nl;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token fe724050eeddc3888c65c1e548c665ca606564ba";\
    "Device-UUID" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
    "User-Agent" = "HmiPadR/1.0.1 (iPad; iOS 6.0.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
\
2013-05-12 11:35:41.727 HmiPadR[6072:907] _getRedeemedFileListForProjectMD:forProfile: SUCCESS\
JSON: \{\
    "file_list" =     (\
        "Vlv07Ug.png",\
        "Elbo_UL.png",\
        "Pmp07Lr.png",\
        "bg_grass.jpg",\
        "Vlv07U.png",\
        "Pmp07L.png",\
        "Pmp07Lg.png",\
        "bg_calm_sea.jpg",\
        "Pipe_H.png",\
        "Elbo_UR.png",\
        "Pipe_V.png",\
        "Tank02.png"\
    );\
    "matched_files" =     (\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 19381;\
            identifier = "Elbo_UL.png";\
            location = "files/5ce94eab-c129-4ce7-8783-43bd50f6dd17.png";\
            name = "Elbo_UL.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101607;\
            url = "/files/36/Elbo_UL.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 20318;\
            identifier = "Elbo_UR.png";\
            location = "files/f192b39a-6a7a-46b7-906e-a5665c000008.png";\
            name = "Elbo_UR.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101622;\
            url = "/files/36/Elbo_UR.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 5514;\
            identifier = "Pipe_H.png";\
            location = "files/ca938744-5443-495f-b13f-8ede63b73631.png";\
            name = "Pipe_H.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101622;\
            url = "/files/36/Pipe_H.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 5713;\
            identifier = "Pipe_V.png";\
            location = "files/48911738-7e8b-45a8-9d0a-624ebf05c6d1.png";\
            name = "Pipe_V.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101622;\
            url = "/files/36/Pipe_V.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 22578;\
            identifier = "Pmp07L.png";\
            location = "files/85dcf4cd-9dee-480d-bcc4-b6ba6c384e11.png";\
            name = "Pmp07L.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101619;\
            url = "/files/36/Pmp07L.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 38454;\
            identifier = "Pmp07Lg.png";\
            location = "files/5b5ac5f8-6ad8-44fe-8006-32079fe7f50a.png";\
            name = "Pmp07Lg.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101620;\
            url = "/files/36/Pmp07Lg.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 32434;\
            identifier = "Pmp07Lr.png";\
            location = "files/b925100e-bddc-4a6a-8957-a34d5dd952b7.png";\
            name = "Pmp07Lr.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101613;\
            url = "/files/36/Pmp07Lr.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 2203;\
            identifier = "Tank02.png";\
            location = "files/e49f9b84-2b58-4ba7-b268-a9563209c890.png";\
            name = "Tank02.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101623;\
            url = "/files/36/Tank02.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 25001;\
            identifier = "Vlv07U.png";\
            location = "files/9f7427d0-ed5c-44e9-ae1b-cc2d49b9668c.png";\
            name = "Vlv07U.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101619;\
            url = "/files/36/Vlv07U.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 43488;\
            identifier = "Vlv07Ug.png";\
            location = "files/2c2970ff-cd79-4c37-95c7-c4649c6a5cb2.png";\
            name = "Vlv07Ug.png";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101606;\
            url = "/files/36/Vlv07Ug.png/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 103873;\
            identifier = "bg_calm_sea.jpg";\
            location = "files/efe171ae-7d39-49be-9eb8-2fe8a06c14e4.jpg";\
            name = "bg_calm_sea.jpg";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101621;\
            url = "/files/36/bg_calm_sea.jpg/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "file_size" = 258401;\
            identifier = "bg_grass.jpg";\
            location = "files/7f6c0101-f830-429d-b66a-b6aea94220f1.jpg";\
            name = "bg_grass.jpg";\
            owner = "/users/36/";\
            updated = 1368101616;\
            url = "/files/36/bg_grass.jpg/";\
        \}\
    );\
    url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/projects/36/C91CBF86-F71A-4DCF-894A-7F92486DB1D7/";\
\}
\f1\b0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
4-download project
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:35:49.343 HmiPadR[6072:907] _primitiveDownloadWithFileMD:category:projectName:profile:completion: REQUEST\
GET https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/projects/36/C91CBF86-F71A-4DCF-894A-7F92486DB1D7/download/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, es;q=0.9, fr;q=0.8, de;q=0.7, ja;q=0.6, nl;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token fe724050eeddc3888c65c1e548c665ca606564ba";\
    "Device-UUID" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
    "User-Agent" = "HmiPadR/1.0.1 (iPad; iOS 6.0.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
\
2013-05-12 11:35:53.771 HmiPadR[6072:907] _primitiveDownloadWithFileMD:category:projectName:profile:completion: SUCCESS\
JSON: (null)\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
5-download first file
\f1\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:35:54.791 HmiPadR[6072:907] _primitiveDownloadWithFileMD:category:projectName:profile:completion: REQUEST\
GET https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/files/36/Elbo_UL.png/download/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, es;q=0.9, fr;q=0.8, de;q=0.7, ja;q=0.6, nl;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token fe724050eeddc3888c65c1e548c665ca606564ba";\
    "Device-UUID" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
    "User-Agent" = "HmiPadR/1.0.1 (iPad; iOS 6.0.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
2013-05-12 11:35:58.386 HmiPadR[6072:907] _primitiveDownloadWithFileMD:category:projectName:profile:completion: SUCCESS\
JSON: (null)
\f0\b0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
6-download second file\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:35:58.396 HmiPadR[6072:907] _primitiveDownloadWithFileMD:category:projectName:profile:completion: REQUEST\
GET https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/files/36/Elbo_UR.png/download/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, es;q=0.9, fr;q=0.8, de;q=0.7, ja;q=0.6, nl;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token fe724050eeddc3888c65c1e548c665ca606564ba";\
    "Device-UUID" = "C3348F87-91E7-48DD-B7CD-DECB1C0AFB7D";\
    "User-Agent" = "HmiPadR/1.0.1 (iPad; iOS 6.0.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
2013-05-12 11:36:02.114 HmiPadR[6072:907] _primitiveDownloadWithFileMD:category:projectName:profile:completion: SUCCESS\
JSON: (null)
\f0\b0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
Redemption local\
\
// list activation codes\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:56:52.995 hmipad[3371:1a003] _listRemoteFilesForCategory: REQUEST\
GET https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, fr;q=0.9, de;q=0.8, ja;q=0.7, nl;q=0.6, it;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token 5def174356d4a60a352ca80ba960cb94d7d743dc";\
    "User-Agent" = "hmipad/1.0.1 (iPad Simulator; iOS 6.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
\
\
2013-05-12 11:57:20.810 hmipad[3371:1a003] _listRemoteFilesForCategory: SUCCESS\
JSON: \{\
    "access_codes" =     (\
                \{\
            "access_code" = "96ff92bb-f826-4f5e-b4cb-f6bc819ab7cc";\
            created = 1368341118;\
            "file_list" = "<null>";\
            label = "Quel Activation";\
            "matched_files" = "<null>";\
            "max_projects" = 1;\
            "max_redemptions" = 1;\
            owner = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/users/55/";\
            "project_identifier" = "1556A1FC-3EF4-4266-BD36-B0AFD5C0599F";\
            redemptions =             (\
            );\
            url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/96ff92bb-f826-4f5e-b4cb-f6bc819ab7cc/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "access_code" = "6f4128af-a523-44f1-9fea-ab9340028f86";\
            created = 1368342184;\
            "file_list" = "<null>";\
            label = "Quel Activation 2";\
            "matched_files" = "<null>";\
            "max_projects" = 1;\
            "max_redemptions" = 1;\
            owner = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/users/55/";\
            "project_identifier" = "1556A1FC-3EF4-4266-BD36-B0AFD5C0599F";\
            redemptions =             (\
            );\
            url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/6f4128af-a523-44f1-9fea-ab9340028f86/";\
        \},\
                \{\
            "access_code" = "eb87746d-b755-4b62-b2b7-75364b899bd4";\
            created = 1368349010;\
            "file_list" = "<null>";\
            label = "Quel Activation 3";\
            "matched_files" = "<null>";\
            "max_projects" = 1;\
            "max_redemptions" = 1;\
            owner = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/users/55/";\
            "project_identifier" = "1556A1FC-3EF4-4266-BD36-B0AFD5C0599F";\
            redemptions =             (\
            );\
            url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/eb87746d-b755-4b62-b2b7-75364b899bd4/";\
        \}\
    );\
\}\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\
// receipt (creacio de un codi d'activacio)\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:56:44.800 hmipad[3371:1a003] _processReceipt: REQUEST\
POST https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/receipts/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, fr;q=0.9, de;q=0.8, ja;q=0.7, nl;q=0.6, it;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token 5def174356d4a60a352ca80ba960cb94d7d743dc";\
    "Content-Type" = "application/json; charset=utf-8";\
    "User-Agent" = "hmipad/1.0.1 (iPad Simulator; iOS 6.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
\
2013-05-12 11:56:50.789 hmipad[3371:1a003] _processReceipt: SUCCESS\
JSON: \{\
    "access_code" = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/eb87746d-b755-4b62-b2b7-75364b899bd4/";\
    "access_code_label" = "Quel Activation 3";\
    "is_sandbox" = 1;\
    "is_verified" = 1;\
    "project_identifier" = "1556A1FC-3EF4-4266-BD36-B0AFD5C0599F";\
    "signed_transaction_receipt" = "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";\
    url = "http://sw.noumenal.co.uk/receipts/52/";\
\}\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\
// redem\
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:57:17.752 hmipad[3371:1a003] _redeemActivationCode:projectId:ownerId:forProfile: REQUEST\
PUT https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/access_codes/eb87746d-b755-4b62-b2b7-75364b899bd4/redeem/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, fr;q=0.9, de;q=0.8, ja;q=0.7, nl;q=0.6, it;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token 5def174356d4a60a352ca80ba960cb94d7d743dc";\
    "Content-Type" = "application/json; charset=utf-8";\
    "Device-UUID" = "41E1B742-4D93-43D1-B52E-A1233C187F34";\
    "User-Agent" = "hmipad/1.0.1 (iPad Simulator; iOS 6.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}
\f0\b0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 11:57:29.779 hmipad[3371:1a003] _redeemActivationCode:projectId:ownerId:forProfile: SUCCESS\
JSON: \{\
    "access_code" = "/access_codes/eb87746d-b755-4b62-b2b7-75364b899bd4/";\
    "device_uuid" = "41E1B742-4D93-43D1-B52E-A1233C187F34";\
    "end_user" = "/users/55/";\
    label = "Etiqueta redemption";\
    redeemed = 1368349040;\
    url = "/redemptions/10/";\
\}\
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
// validate\
\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 2013-05-12 12:53:21.627 hmipad[4346:1a003] _validateRemoteProjectID:withOwnerID:forProfile:completion: REQUEST\
GET https://sw.noumenal.co.uk/projects/55/1556A1FC-3EF4-4266-BD36-B0AFD5C0599F/end_user_info/ \
Headers: \{\
    Accept = "application/json";\
    "Accept-Language" = "en;q=1, fr;q=0.9, de;q=0.8, ja;q=0.7, nl;q=0.6, it;q=0.5";\
    Authorization = "Token 5def174356d4a60a352ca80ba960cb94d7d743dc";\
    "Device-UUID" = "41E1B742-4D93-43D1-B52E-A1233C187F34";\
    "User-Agent" = "hmipad/1.0.1 (iPad Simulator; iOS 6.1; Scale/1.00)";\
    "X-Requested-With" = XMLHttpRequest;\
\}\
\pard\tx528\pardeftab528\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\
\pard\tx528\pardeftab528\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\
\
\
}